if you live in New York and if you've
ever owned a television you've probably
seen these commercials for a big wedding
venue called Grand prospect Paul you
know this place okay so these are local
ads starring the owners Michael and
Alice halkias and the commercials are
wonderful but they've been running the
same ones for like 125 years so seem
like time to freshen them up and the
best way to make a good local commercial
into a great local commercial is to add
a prominent local athlete to the mix so
we made a call to New York Mets all-star
and rookie phenom Pete Alonzo and we
asked Pete to step up to the plate in a
new ad that will make all your dreams
come true you dreamed about it it's been
perfectly planned and it's the most
important day of your life
oh my go holla kiss I'm Alice how it is
and I'm Pete Alonzo from the New York
Mets when it comes to special events and
weddings the grand Prospect Hall is a
big homerun I come for the unparalleled
elegance at reasonable prices but I stay
for this big-ass chandelier Pete don't
forget our beautiful appointed function
rooms the Oak Room the Chopin room
actually Chopin he's a composer the
Chopin room and began ballroom 45 weeks
ceilings this is the room where I had my
bar mitzvah
[Music]
if you get married here you marry to
last a lifetime
and if you go elsewhere you get a
divorce
philippine alonso sent you for a 10%
discount grant prospect hall located at
263 Prospect Avenue in Brooklyn right
around the corner from Royal Fried
Chicken King the grand prosper Hall
seven one eight seven eight eight oh
seven seven seven Game three of the
World Series is Friday night on Fox and
like the Mets in the Yankees I will be
watching from home hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel
click below to subscribe to our YouTube
channel or if you want to be that way
about it though